the changeling of the junkie in rc is fine
with you
I hope not good, I'm the dog.
gunslinger
For who does not know me, my name is
pistolinha the gun or I may also
call on tripod from here today to
show you
the new weapons that have entered the RC weapon
Silver Gold Gun and Bronze Gun
it's these three guns here let's get started
by vasp b is practically a medium weapon
dung
Wait, she's crap.
just notice that she has a blog when you
she's running her butt just the gun
lawyer of the capeta
see how she shoots bullet shoots
My god the sky gun shoots bullet
My goodness, the gun shoots bullet
Ever wondered if she took potatoes?
she would be a potato slinger
look at the little uncle there shaking his hand
It's okay, how's the smoke?
we will now see awacs s practically the
The same gun only changes that it has this aim.
same as m4 spec ops
she even has a bug that vasp b this weapon
practically and shit she takes hold
Look at the face that lives right there.
let's now see the Basque weapon g is a
gun that looks more like a tigress see
that the texture of it looks like the skin of a
tiger to 1 - she does not have that bug that
gun cable some
She has a muffler. Her noise is
much of the time she takes out cool is a weapon
Good but I did not see almost any
difference between the three vagabond vasp
supported by parents
so that's all changed if you liked it
of the video structure I liked
or I'll listen to you, I also add
to favorites and take care
beauty
the pope